texas it's real i really hate you
i gotta go you look great i had a good
time
[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain good luck chuck this film
is about charlie a dentist who discovers
that women inevitably find their soul
mate immediately after having a sexual
encounter with him but it poses a
problem when he falls in love with cam
can he keep cam as his forever let's
find out on good luck chuck
good luck chuck starts at a birthday
party at that time some teenagers were
gathering and forming a circle to play a
game the teenager then played a game of
roulette using a bottle the rule in the
game is that if the bottle is aimed at
the opposite sex both of them can do
whatever they want in the cupboard for a
few minutes at that time charlie had a
crush on a girl who was wearing a green
skirt unfortunately his estimation was
wrong because the bottle was not
directed at that girl but at anisha a
girl who likes to dress up in a gothic
style finally charlie and anisha entered
the closet in the closet anisha
expressed her feelings to charlie it
turns out that initial really likes
charlie however unlike her charlie
didn't like an issue at all moreover he
didn't like her gothic makeup anisha
then tried to kiss charlie and charlie
tried to refuse because of getting
rejected anisha became very angry and
threw charlie out of the closet initial
also threw a curse at charlie anisha
says that charlie will never be happy
and all her love relationships will
break up after sex the girlfriends will
find their life partner when they broke
up with charlie anisha then took a lock
of charlie's hair and left the party
this story was pulled back several years
later at that time charlie was on a
beach with a sexy girl named carol the
two seem to be having some fun at the
beach
the next day charlie was reunited with
his childhood best friend named stu
charlie told stu that he had just broken
up with his girlfriend carol even though
they had just had sex at the beach
currently charlie works as a dentist and
is well established so he was already
thinking about getting married and
starting a family his friend stu is
already well established as well stu
works as a dermatologist who helps girls
to enlarge their breasts although both
are doctors their patients look very
different charlie's patients are mostly
old people while stu's patients are
beautiful and sexy girls
on the weekend charlie attended a
wedding of his ex-girlfriend named kathy
at the party charlie's eyes immediately
fell on a beautiful woman deathly he
approached the woman and tried to talk
to her it turned out that the woman's
name was cam
cam works as an attendant who takes care
of the penguins of a water park after a
long chat charlie gave cam his business
card so that if something happened to
her teeth cam could call him before
coming home from the wedding kathy went
to charlie and said that after breaking
up with charlie a man immediately
proposed to her kathy asks where carol
is but charlie says that they have
broken up unexpectedly carol who was at
the party turned out to have found a new
boyfriend as if kathy's words were true
the girls immediately found a new
boyfriend after breaking up with charlie
the next day when he arrived at his
workplace charlie was so surprised to
find many beautiful and sexy girls
waiting for him reba charlie's assistant
found an article on the internet that
said that many girls immediately found a
life partner when they broke up with
charlie that's what made the girls
suddenly arrive at charlie's dental
clinic
meanwhile cam looks busy feeding the
penguins accidentally a penguin slides
right at her as a result of the
collision cam fell and crushed her teeth
cam decided to call charlie and ask him
to get her teeth fixed
when he got a call from cam charlie was
so excited even though he was with one
of his patients
that night cam went to charlie's dental
clinic with his extraordinary skills
charlie can quickly repair cam's broken
teeth charlie then asked cam to go on
dinner with him but cam rejected it
when he was about to go home charlie met
again with cam in front of the elevator
turns out cam came back because her car
broke down so charlie helped fix it but
when she closed the car door it turned
out that her car keys were left inside
so she had to ask charlie to take her
home to get a spare key unfortunately
when she arrived at her house cam's
house key was left in the car
this incident really annoyed cam
eventually cam was forced to shatter the
glass from her door and asked charlie to
drive her back to her car they both
spend a lot of time together
when he arrived home charlie was
surprised to find his assistant reba
sitting on his couch
it turns out that reba wants to ask
charlie for help to have sex with her
because reba is tired of being single
all this time she was sure that if she
had fun with charlie she would soon find
a soul mate and get married finally
charlie was forced to serve reba who was
wearing her super sexy outfit
that weekend charlie and stu met at the
park charlie told stew everything that
had happened in the past week according
to stu charlie did a good thing because
he helped others find their soulmates
charlie then asked stu to list all the
women he had had sex with they want to
find out if it's true that all the girls
finally found their soul mate after
having sex with charlie the next day
charlie returns to his dental office and
more girls come to have sex than have
their teeth checked finally charlie
started doing his job to please all the
girls
meanwhile stu finds out that all women
who have been in touch with charlie
immediately find their soul mate
while watching a documentary about
penguins on tv charlie thought back to
cam and intended to make cam his last
woman eventually charlie called cam and
ask her out charlie and cam then spent a
lot of time together until love began to
grow between the two
one day charlie and cam started to have
some fun but charlie remembered stu's
words he immediately called stu and stu
confirmed that all the girls had indeed
found a mate so if charlie has sex with
cam then cam will definitely get another
man cam started to carry charlie into
the room and she was ready for charlie
but charlie tries to find an excuse so
he can leave and not have fun with cam
charlie immediately left cam's apartment
the next day charlie and stu want to
prove that all the girls who have sex
with charlie will instantly get a
boyfriend so they were looking for a
woman who seemed impossible to get a
boyfriend and their choice fell to an
overweight woman who was sunbathing
charlie tried to approach the overweight
woman and seduce her so they could have
sex charlie finally managed to have sex
with her even though charlie became a
bit traumatized after it
a few days later stu called charlie and
said that the overweight woman had not
yet found a boyfriend stu's words made
charlie so happy and he immediately
looked for cam
both of them continued their fun time
which had been delayed but in the
morning charlie watched a tv show that
showed that the overweight girl was
married to a man the fact was so
surprising to charlie because he was
sure cam would soon find a soul mate and
leave him
the next day charlie tried to make sure
that cam liked him even more he always
gives her surprises charlie also always
calls cam almost all the time so that
cam doesn't meet other men however
because of his overreacting attitude cam
started to dislike charlie
one day charlie came to cam's workplace
and intended to propose to her but at
that time cam turned out to be with a
man and the two looked intimate a
jealous charlie bumped into a fight but
it turned out that the man was just a
hairdresser charlie's silly behavior
actually made cam even more disliked
charlie and broke their relationship
charlie was so depressed
on that day he sees a bottle fall from
the trash and brings his memories back
to initia the gothic girl from his
childhood charlie then remembers anish's
curse where he will not be happy and all
his girlfriends will get matched with
other men
charlie and stew then try to find
anish's whereabouts finally they found
initia charlie repeatedly begged initia
to take her curse because he was about
to lose the woman he loves however
anisha said that all her words were just
[ __ ] especially since she was still
a child at the time charlie then told
her about cam anisha gave him some
advice charlie and cam will definitely
find their way if they love each other
the next day charlie returned to cam's
water park but instead he saw cam was
with a man
both of them look intimate especially
they both like penguins charlie was sure
that cam's match was that man his heart
broke and he immediately left without
saying a word to cam
charlie spent days playing games stu
comes with his new girlfriend turns out
his girlfriend is charlie's former
matchmaking patient but stu brings bad
news that cam is going to antarctica
with the guy charlie saw the other day
stu finally encourages charlie to
consistently chase the woman he loves
charlie finally rushed off to catch up
with cam
arriving at the airport charlie bought
the same plane ticket to antarctica he
quickly gets into the plane there
charlie meets cam who turns out to be
with that man charlie apologizes for all
his stupid behavior and hopes that he
and cam can be together again charlie
begs cam to cancel her trip to
antarctica cam explained that she wasn't
going to antarctica for good but only
for a few days it turned out that the
man with him already had a wife finally
charlie gave cam a ring box and left
when cam opened the ring box she got not
a ring but a stone it turns out that the
stone is a symbol of penguins want to
mate cam who was impressed immediately
called charlie and kissed him
meanwhile anisha is seen taking out a
box from the wardrobe inside the box
there is a doll that looks like a voodoo
doll with a picture of charlie's face
anisha then pulled a needle from the
doll to end the curse
charlie finally managed to find his
soulmate and the two decided to take a
vacation to antarctica among the
penguins
[Music]
you